Remove Helm aliases and use name instead (#2888)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/argo-cd/annotations/helm-annotations.md

As the structure of Helm values files can vary widely between charts, it's necessary to require you to specify custom annotations on the Argo CD Applications.

The annotation is as follows:

| Annotation                                                  | Value description                                                                             |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `argo.octopus.com/image-replace-paths[.<helm source name>]` | A comma-delimited Helm-template style string that builds a list of full qualified image names |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `argo.octopus.com/image-replace-paths[.<helm source name>]` | A comma-delimited Helm-template style string that builds a list of fully qualified image names |
```

#### Example 2

A single Ref source used to source the values.yaml for the Helm source. In this scenario, both sources need to be named and the paths annotation is source-scoped. 

> Note that the scoping annotation for the project/environment is against the ref-source while the path annotation is against the chart/helm source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the scoping annotation for the project/environment specifies the ref-source while the path annotation is specified for the chart/helm source.
```

        valueFiles:
          - app-files/values.yaml
          - $remote-values/values.yaml
      name: helm-source
    - repoURL: https://github.com/another-repo/values-files-here
      targetRevision: main
      ref: remote-values

>       name: ref-source

Reviewer: this example won't work as the two values files have a different layout.

Author: I'll combine the previous path then that should work

`argo.octopus.com/image-replace-paths.helm-source: "{{ .Values.image.name}}:{{ .Values.image.version}}, {{ .Values.different.structure.here.image }}"`

      image: busybox:1
```

#### Example 4

A Helm source that has multiple ref sourced values files. Each ref source can be updated by a different project if required.

```yaml
...
metadata:
  annotations:
    argo.octopus.com/project.remote-source: "proj-1"
    argo.octopus.com/environment.remote-source: "development"
    argo.octopus.com/project.other-source: "proj-2"
    argo.octopus.com/environment.other-source: "development"

>     argo.octopus.com/image-replace-paths.helm-source: "{{ .Values.another-image.name }}"

Reviewer: same problem as previous - the two values files have different content which is not supported.
